<<<<<<< HEAD
# E09a-Scripting

We will continue adding on to the first Godot project (E08a-Paddle-Ball). In this exercise, we will be learning more about scripting and signals in gdScript.
I continued making editions for E08a-Paddle-Ball, which is the first Godot project. So, as usual, I forked and cloned the given repository. When I opened the repository through Godot, I started working on the project by making two new labels. I named them "Score" and "Lives." I put the label called "Score" on the top left corner and "Lives" on the top right corner. Then, I attached some scripts to the following nodes: World, Score, and Lives. While I was attaching the scripts, I used the given code on Canvas. After attaching the scripts, I began working on editing the attached script on Ball node. Then, I right clicked on the ball and saved the scene. Next, I edited the attached script to the Paddle node. After that, I made a new scene, which was for the message that will show up when the player loses the game. I created a Root Node (2D Scene) and named it "Game Over." Then, I added Child Node and named it "Message." Next, I selected the Label and changed the text to"Game Over!" I set up the align to center and dragged the label to the center of viewport. Then, I added Child Note: ColorRect. I changed the color to black and resized ColorRect so it covers the Label. After that, I saved the new scene. I went back to the World Scene and edited the attached script to the World Node by using a given code on Canvas. I ran the game and checked if there were any errors. Luckily, there were no errors. I hope there are no errors when the others run my game. Finally, I edited my LICENSE and README.md. 
=======
# 08-Breakout

Today, I expanded my last assignment, E09a-Scripting. I cloned a respository of the last homework and opend it in Godot. I made some changes. I added an extra ball. When I was adding the second ball, I used the exact same way as the last time of adding the first ball. For example, when I was attaching a script on the second ball, I used a same script that I used for adding the first ball. Next, I changed the background color. For the background, in the Viewport Toolbar, I clicked 'Project,' which is located right side of 'Scene.' In the Project, I clicked 'Project Settings.' In the Project Settings, I clicked 'Environment,' which is located under 'Rendering.' Then, I clicked a bar that is located on the right side of 'Default Clear Color.' After that, I changed the background color into light green. Finally, I ran the game to see if there are any errors. When I ran the game, there were no errors. After running the game, I edited my LICENSE and README.md.   
>>>>>>> fbdc4a434a679f734c671a6a90755dda73a6c69d
